[Docs] Quick Start: added an explanation of YB-Master and YB-TServer terms (#11752)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/latest/quick-start/create-local-cluster/docker.md

## 3. Check cluster status with Admin UI

> Under the hood, the cluster you have just created consists of two processes: [YB-Master](../../../architecture/concepts/yb-master/) which keeps track of various metadata (list of tables, users, roles, permissions, etc.), and [YB-TServer](../../../architecture/concepts/yb-tserver/) which is responsible for the actual end user requests for data updates and queries.

Reviewer: Avoid Latin abbreviations like etc., i.e., and e.g.

```suggestion
Under the hood, the cluster you have just created consists of two processes: [YB-Master](../../../architecture/concepts/yb-master/) which keeps track of various metadata (list of tables, users, roles, permissions, and so on), and [YB-TServer](../../../architecture/concepts/yb-tserver/) which is responsible for the actual end user requests for data updates and queries.
```
